[PARTYGOERS shouting]
[STAFF MEMBER A]
Excuse me, everyone!
The elevators have
been switched over
to an independent power source,
so they won't stop working
due to the power outage.
Exit in orderly fashion!
We have an emergency
elevator one floor below.
Please use that as well.
Brother, tell me.
What are we going to do?
[PARTYGOERS shouting]
Shizuku, you should
leave with Honoka.
And take your parents with you.
Miyuki and I have
something to do here.
Oh, and take these.
Put them in a safe place.
What is it?
[TATSUYA]
A flight device.
It has a low battery capacity,
so use it only if
absolutely necessary.
Okay, got it.
What about you two?
Miyuki and I already made
preliminary preparations
just in case.
Tatsuya, please be careful.
You too, Miyuki. Stay safe.
It's time to go.
♪
[TATSUYA]
Mr. Hayama.
Be honest. How much do you know
about what's going on here?
I was made aware of
information beforehand
that the New Breed Front
had been plotting
something for tonight.
However, I was not privy
to specific details
beyond that knowledge.
So then you're saying
that the family
couldn't just ignore
the situation at hand?
[HAYAMA]
I suppose that's true.
If at all possible,
I would like to prevent this
building's destruction, but...
Tatsuya, what if you protect it?
Well, I could try to.
Is it all right
with you, Miyuki?
Yes, Brother. Of course it is.
But I would like to
go along as well.
So, it's settled then.
We're gonna help you.
That is most gracious of you.
[HAYAMA]
Please take Sakurai along, too.
You should know she has
been specially trained
to be your personal
attendant, Miss Miyuki.
She is still a bit
inexperienced, true,
but I believe she
will ultimately prove
extremely helpful to you.
[MIYUKI grunts]
[gasps]
[MINAMI gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Minami Sakurai.
[gasps]
[TATSUYA]
You do seem quite dependable.
Your primary job,
is to protect Miyuki.
[MINAMI gasps]
Yes, certainly!
[HAYAMA]
Hm.
Very well, then.
Tatsuya, Miss Miyuki.
I shall be taking my leave now.
We'll head downstairs too.
You don't mean by
the elevator, do you?
Then the emergency stairs?
Neither. We'll jump.
[MINAMI whimpers]
[TATSUYA]
Let's go!
Come on, it's our turn now.
[MINAMI whimpers]
[MINAMI screams]
[MINAMI sighs]
Hey, Minami, you okay?
Yes, thank you.
I apologize for being
a burden, Miss...
All right, follow me.
Brother, please.
Would you mind telling me
what the situation is?
There are some cops, who are
being shot at from a boat.
The officers returned fire,
now it's a gunfight.
It seems the enemy is more
organized than I thought.
[TATSUYA] Five terrorists
have completely commandeered
the control center.
[TATSUYA]
Nobody between the second
and 34th underground floors.
Thirty‐five people on the 35th.
Nobody on the 36th floor.
The 35 on the 35th floor,
are completely knocked out,
or they're in a
half‐conscious state.
Oh, Visual Magic?
No, but similar.
Only five members of
the New Breed Front
have penetrated the building
and taken control of it?
That's surprisingly few.
Indeed. but it's possible
that some of the 35 people
are actually terrorists as well.
Yes, that's true.
I could tell If I had
direct contact with them,
but I can't be certain simply
by using "sight" alone.
[MIYUKI]
But I wonder...
Will the terrorists
keep their word
and give people
enough time to escape?
If all those civilians
are caught up
in the building's destruction,
they'll lose the
support of magicians,
and the general public, too.
If they're reasonable
enough to comprehend that,
then they'll wait until
everyone is evacuated.
[ALL gasp]
Did the terrorists cause that?
That was... an earthquake.
[ALL gasp]
Oh, no! Is the
elevator stuck here?
Try not to panic,
it'll start again soon.
[TATSUYA]
This is bad...
What is it now?
[TATSUYA]
It registered level 4.0.
Without a manual override,
the elevator won't operate.
[MIYUKI, MINAMI gasp]
But, Honoka and Shizuku...!
They're both still on
the elevator, aren't they?
[TATSUYA] They're stuck between
the 180th and 181st floors.
They could get to
the 180th floor,
which is the one that's
currently closest to them.
But it's still almost a
thousand meters from the ground.
[MIYUKI gasps]
Can't we do something?!
If we can get to that
underground control center,
then I think I'll be able to
restart the elevator remotely.
Except... there are terrorists
in the control center.
I know. But there
isn't any other way.
If we find them,
we'll negotiate.
[MAGICIANS gasp]
[MAGICIAN E, F gasp]
Who is your leader?!
I want to talk.
‐‐[rumbling]
‐‐[MAGICIANS] Hm?
I'm the leader, Kan Fehr.
And who are you?
Hello, my name's Tatsuya Shiba.
I need access to
the control room
so I can attempt to
restart the elevator.
The earthquake just
now made it stall.
Do you think this kid's
telling the truth, here?
It's your call, Sir.
We have confirmed
the stalled elevator
on one of the higher floors.
But sorry, I can't allow you
access to the control center.
We'll take care of it ourselves.
You say you'll
take care of it,
however, do you even have
someone with the technical skill
to remotely restart
the elevator?
This is an urgent matter.
I can release the lock
in five minutes flat.
As long as there's even
the slightest suspicion
that you might be our enemy,
I'm afraid I can't permit you
to enter the control center.
And why not?
Because you're using
the center's equipment
to control the explosives?
[gasps]
Go away, we're done.
If you quietly go
back to the surface,
along with the two
young ladies over there,
then we won't shoot you.
[MISAKI]
Hmph!
[MAGICIANS E, F gasp]
[MAGICIAN E, F groan]
[MISAKI gasps]
You aimed your weapons at me.
I can't just let that go now.
[MISAKI growls]
Open fire!
[gasps]
[MINAMI]
Huh?
[MINAMI grunts]
[gasps]
[ALL gasp]
What the hell is
going on here?
[MISAKI]
Resonance Destruction...
...was used to make
sure we fully demolished
the tower's pillars.
Maybe you stopped me,
but you cannot stop the
destruction of this building.
Hiroshi Misaki. This man...
He's an extra from "Third"?
[MIYUKI gasps]
The Third Research Institute?
From what I've heard,
the focus of their research is
how to control multiple types
of magic when all are
simultaneously activated.
So is it possible that while
he was fighting us up here,
he was releasing
magic underground
to destroy the building
at the same time?
It seems he actually wasn't
the one using magic,
but influenced someone
else to use it.
What do you mean by that?
Are you saying he was
controlling someone else's
zone of magic operations?
[TATSUYA]
Not controlling it.
The other person was
in accord, and attuned to him.
There's a Sensory
Interference Magic spell
that can be used to
guide a magician
into hypnosis and
make them use magic.
That's the type of magic
he used. Remarkable.
‐‐[rumbling]
‐‐[TATSUYA gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Miyuki, Minami.
[MIYUKI, MINAMI]
Yes.
We're going to the
lowest level right now.
Follow me.
Right.
Oh, um, Brother.
The elevator, though?
[TATSUYA] Sadly, we'll have
to put that off.
At the moment, our top
priority is keeping
the building from collapsing.
Right.
[MINAMI gasps]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[MINAMI, TATSUYA gasp]
[ALL shout]
[HONOKA]
It's coming down?!
[grunts]
[TATSUYA] By only restoring
one of the pillars,
it's not enough.
The other three are still
bearing the load, and failing.
At this rate...
[TATSUYA]
No good.
Even if I cast Regrowth,
the same thing
would happen again.
What I would need to
do is cast "Regrowth"
on all four of these 2000 meter
high pillars simultaneously
in order to fully restore them.
Unfortunately, that would
be equivalent to casting
Regrowth on this
entire building.
Would my brain be able to
withstand such a vast ocean
of information all at once?
[MINAMI gasps]
[TATSUYA] The building
will collapse any minute.
For Miyuki's sake... should we
try to escape right now?
[TATSUYA gasps]
Now what, Brother?
[TATSUYA]
That's right.
There are two things I can
never betray, no matter what.
The first...
...is the vow I swore to
protect Miyuki to the end.
[TATSUYA]
And the second...
...is the unwavering
faith Miyuki has in me.
[TATSUYA]
Eidos history change obtained.
[TATSUYA] Tower structural
information obtained.
[grunts]
[ALL whimper]
[TATSUYA]
Materials information obtained.
Integrating...
...all information.
Build... using magic
spell "Regrowth".
Activate... Regrowth!
[MINAMI] Tatsuya...
has extraordinary power.
Was this the work of a human?
Should humans truly
be allowed to possess
and wield such
astounding power?
‐‐[clattering]
‐‐[MINAMI gasps]
[MIYUKI]
Hey, Brother!
Brother, wake up! Come on!
[TATSUYA grunts]
I'm fine, Miyuki.
Or conscious, at least.
[gasps]
But I admit,
I'm... really tired.
Well, I can't imagine why.
Don't worry, brother I
promise to wake you up
as soon as everything
is settled here.
Until then, please rest
for a while.
Yeah. I think I'll do that.
[PARTYGOERS murmur]
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU gasp]
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU]
Mm!
[MAYA]
So, Tatsuya rescued everyone
from the life‐threatening
situation this time.
[HAYAMA] I am ashamed
of myself, Madam.
Tell me.
Did you give Tatsuya the
background on this incident,
or did you remain nebulous?
[HAYAMA]
No, I didn't tell him anything.
He didn't press you further?
No.
After he was able to
regain his strength
and turned the
terrorists over to us,
he simply walked away
and escorted Miyuki home
without asking for more.
[MAYA]
Not one question?
Correct.
[HAYAMA] However, and this is
merely speculation on my part,
I suspect Tatsuya is already
keenly aware of everything.
Yes, he could be.
By the way, I almost forgot.
What is Minami doing now?
[HAYAMA] Miss Sakurai is
currently slumbering
in her room.
Did you give that thing to her,
as previously requested, Hayama?
Yes. She has it now.
Good. I'm very much
looking forward to this.
[TATSUYA] So... please guard
the premises, okay?
Of course. You can count on me.
I'm going to escort
the new students in.
So, I wonder if there's
gonna be any new students
this year who are willing
to show some backbone.
You're judging the new students
literally as they're walking in?
You truly frighten me.
[ERIKA]
What? Excuse me...!
[TATSUYA]
Mizuki.
Oh! Tatsuya. Is everything okay?
Keep a close eye
on Erika and Leo.
They're troublemakers.
[MIZUKI chuckles]
Sure, no problem.
Thank you.
[MAYUMI]
Oh, Tatsuya!
It's been a while.
Well, maybe not that long.
Good morning, Ms. Saegusa.
Good to see you.
You're a guide for
the new students?
I am.
[KASUMI]
Hey! Sis!
Who's that weirdo over there?
No! Cut it out, Kasumi!
You're being rude
to an upperclassman.
She's right. Behave yourself!
Apologize to Tatsuya.
[KASUMI] I just wanna know
who he is, that's all!
You guys look pretty cozy.
Is he your boyfriend, or what?
[gasps]
Boy... friend?!
[TATSUYA]
I'm assuming you escorted
your younger sisters here?
[MAYUMI]
Huh?
[TATSUYA]
The auditorium's open already.
You two. You should
be heading in now.
[TATSUYA]
Sit where you like.
[IZUMI gasps] Right.
Thank you very much, Sir.
[TATSUYA]
Well, Ms. Saegusa,
I'm afraid I have to get going.
[gasps]
Brother! You're here!
Miyuki.
So, you're now a new student
at First High School...
[TATSUYA]
...Minami?
[MINAMI]
Mm.
[MINAMI] Master Tatsuya.
I bear a letter from Madam.
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI gasp]
[MIYUKI]
Huh?
I see...
So, Minami.
From now on, you're going to
live with us, is that right?
That's what it sounds like.
[MIYUKI]
We'll be glad to have you.
[MINAMI] The pleasure is mine.
I'm so grateful!
[MIYUKI chuckles]